# Quick Resources
To start playing **TakeOver** you'll need to print off some materials:
  - For the player:
    - Go to `TakeOver/PlayerDecks/`
    - Print off the `player_starter_deck.pdf`
      - These will be the inital cards that make up your deck.
    - Print off the `BlackMarket/black_market.pdf`
      - These will be the cards you can purchase to add to your deck throughout the game.
  - For the Corporation:
    - Go to `TakeOver/CorpDecks/TechCorp`
    - Print off the `Actions/actions.pdf`
      - These will be the actions the Corporation takes once per turn.
    - Print off the `Schemes/schemes.pdf`
      - These will be the objectives you need to score in order to achieve victory.
    - Print off the `Server/server.pdf`
      - These will be the cards you will delve through to gather resources to score on the schemes.

# Full Instructions

## Game Contents
  - 1 Corp Server Deck
  - 1 Corp Action Deck
  - 1 Black Market Deck
  - 3 Player Starter Decks


## To Start
To begin set up, have each player choose their starting module card and set aside any unused starter modules.


Each player begins with 7 Mine Programs and 3 Dig programs. Your starter modules begin the game installed.


Shuffle the Corporation Server and Action Decks, as well as the Black Market. Draw 8 cards from the Black Market and lay them out, these will be the initial starting cards.


Start the game by choosing a player to begin play, and having all players draw up to their hand size of 5.


## Parts of a Turn
A turn begins by revealing the top card of the Corporation Action Deck and resolving its effects. If the final card is revealed this way, shuffle the discarded actions back together to reform the Corporation Action Deck.


After the Corporation’s Action Effects are resolved, the active player may act. During a player’s turn a player may:
- Play a program from their hand
- Install a module from their hand
- Activate an installed module
- Purchase a card from the Black Market


A player may choose to take as many of these actions as they are capable of on their turn. Actions may be done multiple times, and in any order or combination. A player’s turn ends either when they choose to stop taking actions, or there are no possible actions left to take.


At the end of a player’s turn, if they have not purchased from the Black Market, they must cycle one of its cards, then, they discard any remaining cards they have in hand, as well as any remaining tokens accrued since the end of the player’s last turn. Next, the player draws back up to their hand size and restores the stock of the Black Market. If the player runs out of cards from their draw pile at any point, shuffle their discard pile and add those cards to your draw pile. Finally, any end-of-turn effects are resolved, and play passes to the next player.


## Winning the Game
The goal of TakeOver is to expose a Corporation’s dirty schemes to the public, so that all may know of its horrid conspiracies.


Each scheme has a breaking point, a threshold of data that, when assigned to the scheme, becomes undeniable by the Corporations well-paid PR teams.


Player will need to break through each of the corporations evil schemes in order to win the game, culminating in a Corporation’s Final Scheme which must be exposed to seal victory once and for all.


A Corporation’s Schemes will have active or passive effects that may range from minor inconveniences to serious perils, but with great risk comes great reward as breaking a scheme will unlock new beneficial abilities as public favor begins to swing your way.


## Gathering Data
The best place for a hacktivist such as yourself to gather data is straight from the source. A player will find data hidden with a Corporation’s Server. Various cards players can acquire will give them the ability to ‘dig’ for dirt in the Corp’s server. Be warned, the Corporations aren’t about to hand over their data easily, and a Server may have all manners of Traps and Viruses protecting their precious data.


When a player ‘digs’ on the server, they reveal the top card of the Server and resolve its effects. If a card lists Dig X, and X is a number greater than one, this indicates that the player continues digging until they have done so the number of times designated by X.


## Purchasing Cards
During their turn, a player may choose to purchase a card from the available cards in the Black Market. To purchase a card, a player must expend a number of crypto tokens equal to the cost indicated on the card. Crypto tokens may be generated by various programs and modules. Once a card is purchased, unless specified otherwise, place it into the player’s discard pile. Do not replace the card in the Black Market. The Black Market restores its stock at the end of turn.


## Losing the Game
Each Corporation has an Innovation Track, when a Corporation reaches the end of the track, it wins. The Corporation has achieved total global corporate takeover, and no amount of hacktivism can stop it now. A Corporation can ‘advance’ along the track in two main ways:
1. Effects from the Corporation’s Action Deck
2. Forcing a Player to Reboot


## Rebooting
A player’s deck can only take so much damage before it is forced to reboot. When a player reboots, the Corporation immediately advances once, the player crashes half of their installed modules (rounded down), and discards half of the cards currently in their hand (rounded down). Finally, the player resets the damage track on their deck.


## Types of Cards
- Program - These are cards with one-off effects that a player may play from their hand. Once the effects of a program are resolved, it is discarded.
- Module - Modules are cards that can be played from a player’s hand and are installed on their Deck. A player may activate any number of installed modules on their turn as desired, and may do so in any order. Activated modules may not be used again until they have been recharged. A player’s modules recharge automatically at the start of their turn.
- Data - Data may be gathered from a Corporation’s Server to later be used against their own schemes. Data will have an Expose X listed on the card, indicating the level of exposure it adds towards a scheme’s breakthrough threshold.


## Additional Terminology:
- Trashing - If a card is trashed, remove it from the game entirely.
- Crash - If a module is crashed, the player must move it to their discard pile.
- Cycle - Trash a card from the Black Market and immediately replenish it.
